document the CI pipeline (#5415)
INRIA/spoon: doc/ci-cd.md

code quality tools, and also runs unit tests for all spoon projects.
Most commands executed in the pipeline are run in a [Nix](https://nixos.org)
flake dev-shell, which you can also enter locally.
This should ensure that running tests locally or on CI has the same results.
Currently, the environment is not completely reproducible, as Nix has no good
way to package maven dependencies.

To enter the CI test environment for a given jdk, run `nix develop
.#jdk<version>` or `nix develop` to use the default, latest version.
The development shell provides multiple commands used by CI.
The most important commands are
- **`test`**: Executes tests for the core module
- **`javadoc-quality`**: Runs the Javadoc quality check to ensure the
  documentation quality does not degrade
- **`reproducible-builds`**: Builds spoon twice and verifies the output is
  identical using [diffoscope](https://diffoscope.org/)

More commands exist for testing code coverage, ensuring the various spoon
submodules still compile and their tests pass, as well as helpers for releasing
spoon versions.

## Continuous delivery

Spoon has three different release channels:

> - **Snapshot**: The latest development version, published to the Sonatype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Snapshot**: The latest development version, published daily to the Sonatype
```

>   snapshot repository. This version is not guaranteed to be stable, and may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  snapshot repository. This version is not guaranteed to be stable and may
```

  contain breaking changes. After 90 days, snapshots are automatically deleted by Sonatype.
- **Beta**: A release candidate for the next stable release. Weekly beta

>   releases are published to the SonaType release repository. This may contain unstable features, but should be mostly stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  releases are published to the SonaType release repository. They may contain unstable features, but should be mostly stable.
```

- **Stable**: A stable release following the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org)
  specification. These releases are published to the Sonatype release
  repository.

For the automatic release process, we use the [JReleaser](https://jreleaser.org) and GitHub actions.

> Beta and Snapshot releases are automatically published, see [Beta](/.github/workflows/release-beta.yml) and [Snapshot](/.github/workflows/release-nightly.yml) workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beta and Snapshot releases are published automatically, see [Beta](/.github/workflows/release-beta.yml) and [Snapshot](/.github/workflows/release-nightly.yml).
```

> Stable releases are manually triggered, see [SemVer](/.github/workflows/release-manual.yml) workflow.
> This is a GitHub workflow that triggers the [JReleaser](https://jreleaser.org) release process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable releases are triggered manually using the [SemVer](/.github/workflows/release-manual.yml) workflow, which starts the [JReleaser](https://jreleaser.org) release process.
```
